aimerz+ PipeClick Hard
aimerz+ B180C Hard
aimerz+ WaveClick Hard
aimerz+ 1w3ts Hard
aimerz+ ww6t Hard
aimerz+ 1w4ts HF Hard
aimerz+ Smoothbot Hard
aimerz+ PTI Hard
aimerz+ PreciseTrack Hard
aimerz+ PipeTrack Hard
aimerz+ VariedStrafes Hard
aimerz+ Air Hard
aimerz+ pivoTS Hard
aimerz+ waveTS Hard
aimerz+ swingTS Hard
aimerz+ joeTS Hard
aimerz+ B180TC Hard
aimerz+ TomTS Hard

aimerz+ PipeClick Normal
aimerz+ B180C Normal
aimerz+ WaveClick Normal
aimerz+ 1w3ts Normal
aimerz+ ww6t Normal
aimerz+ 1w4ts HF Normal
aimerz+ Smoothbot Normal
aimerz+ PTI Normal
aimerz+ PreciseTrack Normal
aimerz+ PipeTrack Normal
aimerz+ VariedStrafes Normal
aimerz+ Air Normal
aimerz+ pivoTS Normal
aimerz+ waveTS Normal
aimerz+ swingTS Normal
aimerz+ joeTS Normal
aimerz+ B180TC Normal
aimerz+ TomTS Normal
